[Beeping]
Haha!
Looks like I've hit
the jewel jackpot!
I found two Chaos Emeralds!
Hmm, let me think.
We already have two Emeralds,
and Sonic has three more...
Plus these two, equals seven.
All the Chaos Emeralds
have been found!
You are brilliant, Doctor!
Yes, I know.
Don't pat yourself on
your hunchback, yet.
Rouge, what are you doing here?
Just having a little
look-see around.
Geh! Hold on!
Why, Doctor, have you
found some Emeralds?
I hope she doesn't tell
Dr. Eggman my secret!
I wasn't attempting to keep
my discovery from you.
I meant to call you
up to the bridge.
It's just that, in
all the excitement,
I forgot that you were interested
in the Chaos Emeralds, too.
You know how absent-minded
we geniuses can be.
[Chuckles]
So, where are they?
Go, go, go, go, go
Gotta go fast
Gotta go faster, faster,
faster, faster, faster
Movin' at the speed of sound,
quickest hedgehog around
Got ourselves a situation
Stuck in a new location
Without any explanation
No talk of relaxation
Don't, don't, don't
Don't blink, don't think
Just go, go, go, go
Go, go
Sonic is on the run
Sonic, he's number one
Sonic, he's coming next,
so watch out for Sonic X
- Gotta go fast
- Sonic
Gotta go faster, faster,
faster, faster, faster
Go, go, go, go, go, go, go
Sonic X
Gotta go faster,
gotta go fast
Gotta go faster, faster,
faster, faster
Sonic X
There are two Chaos Emeralds
inside that space fortress.
We've got to seize them.
But how, Doctor?
That is a Metarex base.
It will have a heavy-duty
security system.
How do you plan to get in there?
It's not like you can go
up and knock on the door.
If they spot us,
we'll be space toast.
What's the Blue Typhoon doing here?
They must've come looking
for the Chaos Emeralds.
You slowpoke!
Sonic's gonna beat you to them.
Rouge drives me bats,
especially when she's right!
What'll I do?
How do you know you can't
break in, unless you try?
You saw what happened
to that meteorite.
It's too dangerous!
Hey, guys, we need to
come up with a plan here.
Don't worry about that, Sonic.
I've got it all figured out.
I have a proposal for you.
I've gotta hear this.
Why don't we join our
forces and work together?
What's that?
I see.
You're planning to double-cross
them, aren't you?
We shouldn't work with Eggman.
He's trying to trick us.
Chao chao!
Yeah, don't even think
about it, Knuckles.
I didn't say anything!
I think we should work with Eggman.
Our chances are better that way.
I agree.
[All mumble in agreement]
All right. Let's go for it, Eggman.
So, how're we gonna
get in the base?
We can sneak in without
getting caught
by using Chaos Control.
Of course! How brilliant.
This is your most ingenious
plan ever, Doctor.
This plan is the pits.
Why do we need Sonic's
help for this scheme?
We have Shadow on our side.
Our side?
Don't make me laugh.
If you ever get a hold of those
Emeralds, you'll skip ship in a flash.
Here's what we'll do.
The first group in will
head to the computer
that controls the security system.
They're responsible
for shutting it down.
Then the rest of us can sneak
into the base undetected.
Sounds cool!
What'll we do when we find
the Emeralds, though?
Will we share them 50/50?
Whoever gets to them
first can keep them.
Huh.
It's a deal!
To make sure it's a fair contest,
both sides will supply
members for the entry team.
I've selected Shadow and
Rouge to represent our side.
Wait, why should I go?
Because, when it comes to
break-ins, you're a real smash.
You're not afraid to
go in there, are you?
Of course I'm not afraid!
Ugh.
He's putting me on the entry team,
because then I can't get
to the Emeralds first,
or so he thinks.
I'd be thrilled to join the team!
I knew I could count on you, Rouge.
Thank you!
Count me out!
I refuse to join any team
with Shadow and Rouge,
because I don't like them.
It's not like you're going
on a picnic with them, Amy.
I'm not goin', either.
I won't work with that
burglaring bat anymore.
Maybe we should pick
a name out of a hat.
I volunteer.
Are you sure?
Yes. You approve?
Sure, Chris.
Please promise us you'll
be very careful,
and stay close to the others.
I will.
This should be an
interesting mission.
Hm? What are those?
Here, Shadow.
I made an extra one of these
to go with the one you had
back on Space Colony ARK.
Ah!
One of those... was mine!
Huh...
Hm.
Take them.
If you wear them, you
won't lose energy
when you're in the middle
of a fight anymore.
I see.
All right, I will wear them.
Ready, team?
Chaos Control!
I got something to help
us increase our speed!
Hm!
Thanks, Tails.
We have a real advantage
over Eggman, now!
You'll need all the
help you can get.
DECOE AND BOCOE: Hut-two!
Hut-two! Hut-two!
Why have you come to our ship?
Now, now, Cream.
Remember, we're on the same team.
From now on, what's mine is yours,
and what's yours is
all mine. [Chuckling]
Back off! I'm not sharing
my stuff with you!
I'm just looking.
Hm?
[Both muttering]
Very impressive.
Your machines are well maintained.
And clean, too!
Oh!
Hmm. Hm?
Hmm. Hm!
Mm-hmm!
Thumbs up, gang. Goodbye!
Hut-two! Hut-two! Hut-two!
That certainly was a strange visit.
At least it was short.
CHRIS: Chris to Blue Typhoon.
Chaos Control successful.
We're inside the base.
We're gonna start looking for
the security system controls.
We copy. Be careful, Chris.
I will.
All clear.
Oh!
Ah.
[Chuckling]
I have to think up some excuse
to ditch these two so I can
look for the Chaos Emeralds.
Say, why don't we split up to
look for that control room?
No.
Why not?
The Doctor wants us
to stay together.
Oh, really?
Looks like Eggman was
one step ahead of me.
I'll have to change tactics.
He knows I'm up to something.
My only chance is to get
him to let his guard down.
I'll have to turn on the charm.
Remember the last time the
three of us used Chaos Control?
As I recall, the circumstances
were rather explosive.
You mean Prison Island!
[Gasp]
I was afraid Shadow
would leave me there.
And do you remember
what happened next?
Of course I do.
Shadow transported us
to Space Colony ARK.
That's right.
Shadow, wasn't that the
home of your friend, Maria?
Maria!
[Groaning]
Shadow!
[Grunting]
[Chuckling]
Come back here!
Sorry, boys.
I have to go find
those Chaos Emeralds.
[Gasp]
[Metarex growling]
Move it, creep!
[Grunting]
[Metarex growling]
Aah!
[Metarex roars]
[Grunting]
Ah!
Oof.
Don't run off.
Since you put it that way.
Hey, look!
We may have found the control room.
Wait up!
We're in luck.
This computer runs
the security system.
Hmm.
Do you read me?
The computer's shut down.
Good work, Chris!
Ready?
Let's go!
Good luck!
We know you can do it!
Chao!
Go get 'em, Doctor!
Bring back those Emeralds!
He doesn't stand a chance...
We'd better step on it, Doctor.
Sonic and the others are
already way ahead of us.
There's no need to be nervous.
Our competitors have fast machines,
but my brain moves even faster.
[Chuckling]
I can't wait to spring
my surprise on Sonic.
The Emerald is reacting.
Try going right!
Roger!
Now! Through there!
Whoa! You're goin' too fast!
This isn't an amusement
park ride, ya know?
Slow down!
Aah! Are you crazy?!
This isn't fast.
Hang on!
Heh!
Whoaaah!
Aaaah
Whooaaaa!
I'll keep up no matter
how fast you go, Sonic.
Amy, please, I'm starting
to feel really dizzy.
I'm sorry, Cosmo.
Do you see Eggman?
He's still behind us.
Okay.
Keep an eye on him, just in case.
[Evil chuckle]
How much farther do we have to go?
Almost there.
All right.
Hurry!
Don't worry. I'll catch up.
It's show time!
Aah!
What's the matter?
[Gasp] I don't know!
I've lost control of my plane!
Maybe this will fix it! [Knocking]
[Panting]
What do you want?
Grab it!
[Both gasp]
Bye-bye, girls!
We have to get that
Emerald back, Amy.
The controls aren't working!
We've been shut out!
It looks like we lost Amy.
We'll get 'em on the way back.
Tell me how the Chaos
Emerald's reacting.
You should go up!
We've got company.
No problem!
Whoa, whoa, wh-wh-whoooaaa!
It sure is a long way down.
If we lose power, we will
take quite a tumble.
[Metarex growling]
[Grunting]
[Metarex screams]
Take that!
The Chaos Emeralds
must be up there!
You're right, Eggman!
Now lets see which one of
us can get to them first.
Aah!
Sonic, haven't you ever
heard of passenger safety?
Sonic, you tried your best,
but you're out of control.
Why are you slowing down, Sonic?
It's not me!
The controls aren't working!
Now we're heading the wrong way!
What do you think you're doing?!
It's not my fault, I swear!
[Evil laughter]
Ah!
Now, stop.
Isn't this an interesting twist?
Eggman's using a controller!
Quit goofing around!
That's cheating!
[Evil chuckle]
I prefer to think of it as bending
the rules until they break!
Yah!
Huh!
Come back!
Later, losers!
Thanks for the gems, gents!
Aah!
Whoa!
Soon, all the Chaos Emeralds
will belong to yours truly.
[Evil chuckle]
Sonic! Wanna go for a spin?
Okay!
[Grunting]
Victory!
Guh...
Hey, where did they go?
[Grunting]
Whoa!
Looks like my side
won, two to nothing.
[All stammering]
ALL: Aaaaaaaaaaaaah!
Oof!
Don't move!
We're hanging by a thread, here!
Huh?
I'd be happy to help
you down, Eggman.
[All quivering nervously]
Uh... thanks, anyway!
We're fine! [Cowering]
Ha!
What was that?
Oh! Sonic!
Ah!
I can't wrestle now!
Whoa! Ah!
I just realized there is an upside
to getting separated from you,
'cause it's so great
when we're re-united.
[Groaning]
So, we finally tracked down
all the Chaos Emeralds.
Isn't it wonderful?
Uh, what's that thing, Sonic?
Huh?
It looks like... a Planet Egg!
But it's growing out of control!
I've never seen a Planet
Egg that big before.
Chao!
The Metarex have been
gathering Planet Eggs
from around the galaxy.
It looks like they're using the
power of the Chaos Emeralds
to force the Eggs into evolving.
Really? But why, Tails?
That is our secret.
So, we face each other
again, Sonic the Hedgehog.
No way!
You're the guy who tried to take
the Chaos Emeralds from me.
I'll never forget that fight.
Because of you, I had to
throw the Emeralds away.
You know him?
Grr!
Unfortunately, I do.
Grr...
Allow me to introduce myself.
I am Dark Oak, ruler
of the Metarex.
And now, Sonic, you and I
are going to have a rematch.